README.md, before:

# Finmo Assignment

## Installation

- Create .env file with the following keys
  `JWT_SECRET`                 : value can be anything you wish
  `DATABASE_URL`              : Create a database and pass the database url here
  `ALPHAVANTAGE_API_KEY` : Get the API key from alphavantage website and place it here. Details of free and premium keys are mentioned [here](#alphavantage-api-keys-details)
- Installing Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

## Running the app

```bash
# development
npm run start

# watch mode
npm run start:dev

# production mode
npm run start:prod
```

## Test

```bash
# unit tests
npm run test

# e2e tests
npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
npm run test:cov
```

## Alphavantage API Keys Details

- Free API Key - 25 Requests per day
- Premium API Key - 75 and more API requests per minute, No daily limits

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Yuvaraj Singh](https://www.github.com/yuvarajsingh-0)
- Website - [https://yuvarajsingh-portfolio.netlify.app](https://yuvarajsingh-portfolio.netlify.app)
- Twitter - [@yuvaraj_singh_](https://twitter.com/yuvaraj_singh_)

Commit message:

readme update for redis installation

README.md, after:

# Finmo Assignment

## Installation

- Create .env file with the following keys
  `JWT_SECRET`                 : value can be anything you wish
  `DATABASE_URL`              : Create a database and pass the database url here
  `ALPHAVANTAGE_API_KEY` : Get the API key from alphavantage website and place it here. Details of free and premium keys are mentioned [here](#alphavantage-api-keys-details)

- Installing Dependencies
```bash
npm install
```
- Starting Redis
Easiest way to run redis is via docker. Install Docker Desktop through this [link](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/). The docker installation process takes care of adding the bin folder to path, but if not add the bin folder to path. Bin folder is located in `C:\Program Files\Docker\Docker\resources\bin` and then run the below command in the command prompt.
```bash
docker compose up
```

## Running the app

```bash
# development
npm run start

# watch mode
npm run start:dev

# production mode
npm run start:prod
```

## Test

```bash
# unit tests
npm run test

# e2e tests
npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
npm run test:cov
```

## Alphavantage API Keys Details

- Free API Key - 25 Requests per day
- Premium API Key - 75 and more API requests per minute, No daily limits

## Stay in touch

- Author - [Yuvaraj Singh](https://www.github.com/yuvarajsingh-0)
- Website - [https://yuvarajsingh-portfolio.netlify.app](https://yuvarajsingh-portfolio.netlify.app)
- Twitter - [@yuvaraj_singh_](https://twitter.com/yuvaraj_singh_)
